Well, that's the end of the 36 APIs
that I wanna cover as capabilities.
But there are still more capabilities
that we are not covering today.
But I wanna mention them as well,
in case you wanna get more
information later after the workshop.
That there are more experimental or
really new, for example, EyeDropper.
With EyeDropper you can actually
let the user pick a color
from the screen, there is an API for that.
Compression Streams, so you can zip and
unzip content client-side
without any additional library.
WebGPU, that will let you
talk directly to your GPU and
create really high
performance 3D content or
2D content, more performant than WebGL.
View Transitions API,
this one is really cool.
One of the problem of multi-page
applications, so having different HTMLs,
is that when you pass from
one HTML to the other,
you don't have a nice
transition like on native apps.
When you pass from one view or one screen
to another one, you don't see a page load.
You see an animation,
it can be this animation from here.
Well, the idea is to bring
something similar to the web.
Compute Pressure, that will detect when
your JavaScript is actually on compute.
In fact,
it's actually telling you when the CPU of
that computer is getting into pressure.
Say, hey, be careful,
because the CPU, I mean,
we are rendering an 8K video, so
then you can decide not to do some stuff.
Popover, we already mentioned
that as our example for,
remember origin trials,
we were using that one, Popover.
Digital Goods API, this is for PWAs.
PWAs on Android that you publish
in the App Store can use
that API to charge users for
subscriptions or for
additional content using
in-app purchase API.
So using the money that
you have on the store.
Web Transport is another
transport protocol.
Picture in Picture, so for video,
you can continue rendering content and
the video in Picture in Picture even if
the user is getting out of the browser.
The Presentation API,
that will help, for example,
making a presentation in
an external display or an Apple TV.
Screen Recorder, and there are more.
So you can see it's an infinite
list of capabilities.
So today we've covered the basics
of what the web capability is,
the idea of the most
important capabilities.
The basic ones that we didn't cover,
I gave you links to continue your training
on different capabilities and
other workshops here at Frontend Masters.
We've seen how permission and
security works.
Compatibility, that for a lot of
APIs that we have mentioned today,
it works on Safari, on Android,
on iOS, and Chrome.
For others, it depends.
Then we get into API for sensors,
location, and input, such as multi-touch.
Then speech, voice, and
camera, hardware and devices.
And finally integration with
the operating system, and
some of them are actually
PWA capabilities.
So I hope it was useful for you and
you can use at least one or
two of the APIs of the 36
that we mentioned.
And now you know the power of the web,
okay?
That there are a lot of things that
you can do with a web that maybe you
didn't know before, okay, so thank you.
>> [APPLAUSE]